Oh raining again you want to do
something this evening of course that
well not this evening it's raining now I
want to get out now
how about taking in a new movie okay
what you have mine hey babe what do you
think a Clint Eastwood uh oh I think of
him a lot his clothes rip it off PETA
take his squirrel I didn't imagine Clint
Eastwood punching out a wiseguy or
laying out a bunch of guys who get out
of line of course I can you picture him
falling hard for a sweet young thing
who's got her eye on oh shoot it's easy
how about him fighting for money oh yeah
I guess so can you see him allowing a
woman to beat up on him oh now you're
putting me on in my thoughts you're
always with me well what do you think of
Clint Eastwood confiding his deepest
darkest secrets to an orangutan comes to
sharing my feelings with a woman my
stomach just turns her royal gelatin
well what do you think now
now you're really kidding me it's no
joke it's Eastwood like you've never
seen before in a new thing called
every which way
inside the fires burning
there can't be too many guys driving
around this valley with an 8 every which
way baby there's no
excu
you like to find oh I used to bet it
anything
almost inside the fires burning me in my
mind
oh stop that you there boot no respect
no privacy every which way every which
way you look there's pension adventure
and fun Clint Eastwood will turn you
wait but you
you